What is HTTP?
    Hypertext Transfer Protocol - the protocol (set of rules) that says how a server and web browser should communicate (for standard web)

What is a URL?
    Universal Resource Locator - text that specificies where a resource can be found on the internet

What is DNS?
    Domain Name System - Takes the hostname and turns it into the corresponding IP address (like a phonebook for the web)

What is a query string?
    Part of the URL that assigns specified parameters - A way of specifying extra information based on that URL, such as search terms, info from forms, etc.

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
    GET - requests from the server without any side effects. Works with entering URLs in browsers, clicking links, and some form submissions. Arguments are sent in the query string of the request

    POST - requests from the server with side effects. Works with things like some form submissions, charging credit cards, sending email. Arguments are sent as the body of the request.

What is an HTTP request?
    A request made by a user (client) to a named host on a server, to access a resource on that server

What is an HTTP response?
    Provides the user (client) with the resource it requested from the server

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
    Used in an HTTP request and respnse to specify more detailed information/context, but that doesn't relate to the content:
        date: current date and time of the request
        last-modified: date and time the resource was modified
        method: get, post, delete, etc
        Accept-Language: en or en-US

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
    -The browser turns “site.com” into it's corresponding IP address using DNS
    -The browser connects to the ip address and makes a request
    -The server sends a response back to the browser (usually HTML with a status code)
    -The browser creates a DOM from the HTML and scans the HTML for additional resources it needs to -request (images, css styling, JS, etc)
    -The browser makes separate requests for each additional resource it needs for the HTML
    -The server sends a separate response for each request
    